[DOC-306] [DOC-320] [DOC-357] [yba] 2024.1 Release management enhancement, 2024.1 version naming changes. (#22173)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/manage-deployments/upgrade-software-install.md

https://<YB-Anywhere-IP-address>/universes/<universe-ID>
```

## Monitor the universe

Once all the nodes have been upgraded, monitor the universe to ensure it is healthy:

- Make sure workloads are running as expected and there are no errors in the logs.
- Check that all nodes are up and reachable.
- Check the [performance metrics](../../alerts-monitoring/anywhere-metrics/) for spikes or anomalies.

> If you have problems, you can [roll back](#roll-back-an-upgrade) any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have problems, you can [roll back](#roll-back-an-upgrade) during this time.
```

For upgrades that require finalizing, you can monitor for as long as you need, but it is recommended to finalize the upgrade sooner to avoid operator errors that can arise from having to maintain two versions. A subset of features that require format changes will not be available until the upgrade is finalized. Also, you cannot perform another upgrade until you have finalized the current one.

If you are satisfied with the upgrade:

- For upgrades that do not require finalizing, the upgrade is effectively complete.

- For upgrades that require finalizing, proceed to [Finalize](#finalize-an-upgrade) the upgrade.

## Roll back an upgrade

> If you aren't satisfied with an upgrade, you can roll back to the version that was previously installed. The process is similar to [performing an upgrade](#perform-the-upgrade).

Reviewer: The process is similar to

is this necessary?
